always Ryan people don't bring anyone
love into this no more motherfucker
what's it called and you want to burp it
vomit no please I don't want to hear
this topic my girlfriend's not Anne and
I were intrigued by a new vocabulary
when you try to shit but only a fart my
favorite is in poster which is a good
one and in booster yes I like that one a
lot
while we were hugging ourselves to
orgasm we were wondering why there's no
word for when you try to burp but you
accidentally well there is a word we
propose the word Europe No firk now also
what if you coffin in moment that's all
the comments stop it I know mama Tina
loves her vomit so should be helpful
love John and Suzanne now being the bee
emetophobia I am stop it I know the word
it is called a birth Oh a birth when you
go to burp but you vomit it is a birth
and I haven't had a birth in several
years but as a child had several births
I don't know for some reason childhood
there is always you're always pushing
out Berks and so you'd birth yeah that
happens right yeah yeah did you yeah I
hated birthing that was the worst
because I need to remember and you'd
have to take a sip of like cactus cooler
dr. pepper oh yeah a bang yeah it took
me I know I don't really on top of it I
did get those fingers ready yeah okay I
like it no we're not and I don't trust
you and why don't you trust me and then
I put these headphones on you're gonna
another barf clip I know you
I won't I won't you look so much like
Robin Williams when you spot you always
say that more like patch Adams though I
don't know why I don't look like patch
Adam oh well I dunno I knew I could
fuckin hear it
[Music]
you're the worst yeah I'm not gonna put
this stop it
I can hear it on the headphones doll
okay did I tell you to email that this
girl wrote in a while back
no I'm not going to put these on if you
play barf clips
your trigger finger is hot let me see
your hands put your hands up okay
anyways there's a girl who wrote in
because she knows I'm in a meta phobe
yeah
and that what is called uh-huh a
metaphor a metaphor - II met is to throw
up eme T o emetophobia and she said
there's a pill you can take that will
paralyze your stomach so that you don't
vomit
yeah have you taken it now did you get
it yeah you do have it well because I
read about it and like let's say you
have the stomach flu or something it's
just spasms of the stomach muscle it's
not necessary to vomit I know what
you're doing and I'm not only an
economist Aniki there's nothing over
here like there's some sneaky huh no
there's not
you think I'm fucking new to you dude
dude I know your farts in a lineup I
know what you're doing you know it's not
there's nothing over here like that
there isn't there's nothing honest like
that I promise I promise I swear this
one doesn't have it
this one doesn't it doesn't this one has
been yeah your rock you guys are doing
good
that's better better watch out I'm just
saying this one doesn't have that you
want me to touch your penis yes then
don't play anymore Pew clips come on
don't ruin the fun for everybody it was
fun you know how much the audience likes
when you may not look anything you know
like they message me about it topic and
they like it available they like my
suffering yeah they like it they react
it's a genuine reaction that's why they
like it they want to see genuine stuff
you know the worst okay you're the one
I'm shutting it down you're not yes I
had lost all my trust babe that one was
an accident I didn't mean to do that
[Music]